This matter has not been confirmed that I should not be good at it before
Within seven days
I will attack every day
Fight for the past
Immediately send someone to investigate secretly
How about father
I just got the message.
No worries about life
Father has woken up
Goodbye to its salvation and treatment will be complete
But today's events are too false
Father was poisoned and
The medallion?
Northern Border Warriors
It has been more than two consecutive months
Incapable of recommending to me
Ren thought the new Grand Marshal of the Northern Expedition
Including ordnance and forage
Ten Yuan Front
What do you think?
Father's will
Children's self-esteem
Brother, you have your own tactics
both civil and military
Undoubtedly the champion three
Brother is waiting for your early triumphant return
North Side Warrior Dangerous Daily
losing ground
Are you trying to kill someone with a knife?
So good
Come against the decree
But
I thought it was stupid.
No way!
Pardon me?
Bing Rong Ambassador
Are you a burden who doesn't understand the art of war and soldiers?
parents
Why is this stupid?